Project location (#326)
FabricMC/fabric-docs: develop/getting-started/creating-a-project.md

![Open Project Prompt](/assets/develop/getting-started/open-project.png)

::: warning

> Do not create your project folder in a cloud storage directory (for example, OneDrive), and avoid using paths with non-ASCII characters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should follow these rules when choosing the path to your project: 

- Avoid cloud storage directories (for example Microsoft Onedrive)
- Avoid non-ASCII characters (for example emoji, accented letters)
- Avoid spaces

An example of a "good" path may be: `C:\Projects\YourProjectName`
```

![Open Project Prompt](/assets/develop/getting-started/open-project.png)

::: warning

> You should follow these rules when choosing the path to your project: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should follow these rules when choosing the path to your project:
```
